Use nginx zone size large enough for 16k pages (#5774)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/Installing.asciidoc

for `localhost` in *nginx.conf* will take precedence when accessing the server
via `localhost`. You might want to disable it.

If you use the openqa-upstreams.inc which is included with the upstream

> sources and openQA packages you may want to customize the use of **zones**
> and use different zones or change the size of the shared memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sources and openQA packages, you may want to customize the size of the shared memory segment according to the formula: page_size * 8
```

I'm not sure about the comma between packages and you - it feels right but I might be completely wrong :) Using different zones might be an advanced config but not necessary to get openQA running (in contrast to the zone size). I would leave it out for now and only add it once we actually make use of that zone (e.g. for rate limiting)

Author: Well, if you don't use zones it's totally irrelevant. so there's nothing to document then.

Author: And by **it** I mean documenting the size as per your suggestion

Reviewer: What do you mean with "If you use no zones"? We include it in our upstream and therefore it will get used - you encountered this first hand.
I mainly wanted to clear confusion that the user/admin is not supposed to change `upstream_webui` but might be *required* to update the size.

But anyway, I'm not rejecting your changes because it honestly is just a minor detail and nitpick from me :)
